what's up everyone I've been gone for a
little bit off YouTube I had a family
emergency and had a medical problem in
the family so I've been tending to them
I have a few extra minutes thought I'd
jump back on YouTube for a little bit
and do some videos anyway here's my new
1911 I just picked it up
it's the American classic - it's made
from Metro arms corporation out of the
Philippines they've been in business
since like 1996 and they make the
firestorm and the American classic - for
the United States and the 1911 s max for
Europe I guess so I've done a lot of
research I waited a long time and really
decided on this one and I'll show you
why here in a second this is the
American classic - this is their bike
home model standard 5 inch 1911 there's
a lot of great features on this gun that
really drew me to it
number one the bicone I really love the
colors of the gun yes fish-scale grips
on it and I'll put this on macro here
shortly and give you some close-ups has
an extended magazine release extended
beaver tail safety skeletonized hammer
adjustable skeletonized trigger front
and rear serrations comes with an
8-round AK mag magazine it has the
extended follower which I really like
doesn't tilt as much and this gun was
previously checked for safety it's all
clear has the duck tail front and rear
sights Novak style rear sight in a
flared ejection port very nice gun fit
and finish is really good on this gun no
rattles or shakes real solid gun
I have you got to put a few rounds
through it I'll be going to the range
this weekend but I just thought I'd show
everybody
not a bad gun at all all that all these
extras for under six hundred dollars
five hundred and nineteen dollars for
this for this particular model and I'll
give you some close-ups here on macro in
a second
nice fish scale type wood grips I might
change those out in the future but for
now those will work I really like the
feel of them the safety snaps into place
no play or wiggle whatsoever
the machining on the machine work on the
gun is really good real good quality no
machine marks on the inside either
really the roll marks are deep and
pronounced the serrations are nice and
straight real deep cuts so you can get
your hand on those again front and back
trigger is very good not a lot of creep
adjustable and the reason why this gun
is so inexpensive is because there's a
few men parts and the frame is cast but
you know with today's technology that
really doesn't scare me whatsoever I
think I'll get a lot of use out of this
gun I think I'll have it for a long time
give you a close-up of the frame to
slide fit no gaping holes slide rolls
real smooth on the frame three dot white
sights pretty easy to pick up and it
comes with a plastic mainspring housing
I might eventually change that to a
metal one I don't know we'll see again
I'm not really worried about that flared
in lowered ejection port
and when I feel stripped it for the
first time to push that pin through to
get the slide off I literally had to use
a plastic punch and a mail it because it
just fit and they're so tight hopefully
that'll work in just a little bit I
don't really want to be banging on my
gun but it was the only way I could get
that out the first time so the fit is
very very good there's a another shot of
the grips all in all I have to say I
really like it the American classic 2 by
metro arms out of the Philippines so if
you guys are in the market to purchase a
1911 and you want a inexpensive really
good quality 1911 give them a check
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
videos hope everybody's good out there
thanks